README.md, before:

# Installation

We're using Go 13.4.x and [https://goswagger.io/](https://goswagger.io/) tool to generate API server from swagger.yaml file. To start project:

1. Generate API server
```
swagger generate server -A api -f ./swagger.yaml
```

2. Build main package
```
go build ./cmd/images-server/main.go
```

3. Get dependencies
```
go get -u -f ./...
```

4. Run package
```
./main --port=3001
```

## Tasks

Create dummy API service based on the swagger specification


# Image service

This service provides the ability to manage images on AWS S3 with Go. Service will be running on a standalone EC2/docker instance behind nginx proxy. 

The service should provide functionality for following resources:
- POST /listing/{listingid}
- PUT /listing/{listingid}
- DELETE /listing/{listingid}


*listingid* - Identifier of the listing (boat). We're using stringified Mongo's ObjectId. Example: "5ec40f9de9d29a33a53b27e6"

### Codebase

- .vscode - contains 2 helper tasks to generate & build project. Tasks are invoked by Ctrl+Shift+B in VSC
- /cmd - autogenerated directory by go-swagger package
- /controllers - all controllers should be located here. Controllers should manipulate responses - send status OK, or throw Error
- /models - autogenerated directory by go-swagger package. Contains all the models
- /restapi - autogenerated directory by go-swagger package. Contains all the operations. Only editable file is *configure_images.go*
- /services - the logic of controller should be placed here
- swagger.yaml - default swagger file


### Tools

Project toolings are:

*Go swagger* - https://goswagger.io/ generate Go server including models and handlers from default swagger.yaml file

### VSC tasks

Generate new server from swagger.yaml:
```
swagger generate server -A api -f ./swagger.yaml
```

Build main package:
```
go build ./cmd/api-server/main.go
```


### Project plan

TODO:
[-] Upload listing image
[-] Change/Replace listing image
[-] Delete listing image

Commit message:

added: correct README.md for the project

README.md, after:

# Installation

We're using Go 13.4.x and [https://goswagger.io/](https://goswagger.io/) tool to generate API server from swagger.yaml file. To start project:

0. Check github repo
```
git clone https://github.com/tomas-chudjak/freelancertest .
```

1. Generate API server
```
swagger generate server -A api -f ./swagger.yaml
```

2. Build main package
```
go build ./cmd/api-server/main.go
```

3. Get dependencies
```
go get -u -f ./...
```

4. Run package
```
./main --port=3001
```

At this point, the server should be running on the http://localhost:3001
There is one /GET request defined in the swagger, what should be available through the API.

## Tasks

Create dummy API service based on the swagger.yaml specification with following parameters:
- Create active /GET route based on definition in swagger.yaml
- Valid /GET request should return HTTP status 200 and data type AuthenticationSubscription in response
- Invalid /GET request should return HTTP status 400 and data type ProblemDetails

Bonus points:
- ProblemDetails should follow https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7807
- Identify and use the valid `imsi-` value of {ueId} parameter by it's swagger pattern


### Codebase

- .vscode - contains 2 helper tasks to generate & build project. Tasks are invoked by Ctrl+Shift+B in VSC
- /cmd - autogenerated directory by go-swagger package
- /controllers - all controllers should be located here. Controllers should manipulate responses - send status OK, or throw Error
- /models - autogenerated directory by go-swagger package. Contains all the models
- /restapi - autogenerated directory by go-swagger package. Contains all the operations. Only editable file is *configure_api.go*
- /services - the logic of controller should be placed here
- swagger.yaml - default swagger file


### Tools

Project toolings are:

*Go swagger* - https://goswagger.io/ generate Go server including models and handlers from default swagger.yaml file

### VSC helpers

Found in .vscode/tasks.json

Generate new server from swagger.yaml:
```
swagger generate server -A api -f ./swagger.yaml
```

Build main package:
```
go build ./cmd/api-server/main.go
```
